PLEASE DO NOT SHOW THIS PORTFOLIO IN CLASS

## The growing popularity of K-pop over the years
K-pop has been rapidly gaining worldwide popularity in the last few years. However, it has been around since the 1990s and is often divided into four generations: the 1st-gen (mid-1990s - early 2000s), the 2nd-gen (mid-2003 - late 2000s), the 3rd-gen (2011 - 2016) and the 4th-gen (2017 onwards).
I have composed a corpus that consists of songs from all four generations in order to find out how K-pop has evolved over the years. Is the rising popularity due to a change in the music or simply a result of social media? <br>
I suspect that K-pop is slowly shifting more and more towards Western music genres but that danceability has always been a prominent musical feature. Nonetheless, every group has its own concept, therefore I am unsure whether musical differences will be due to the different generations or the different concepts.

The corpus consists of ±100 of the most popular songs from each generation. However, the song selection from the 1st-gen may be biased towards certain groups, since there were not as many groups back then as there are now. Furthermore, there is not a clear line between the different generations, some even speak of generation 1.5, 2.5 and 3.5. Moreover, some artists from the 1st, 2nd and 3rd generations are still producing music. Therefore, a song may belong to the 4th-gen whereas the artist is from the 1st-gen. A complicated example is the 2022 song 'Step back' from the group 'GOT the beat'. This group has members from all four generations, but the group debuted during the 4th-gen. Therefore, it would be interesting to see to which generation this song corresponds the most.
